Fix Sqreen README (#975)
DataDog/integrations-extras: sqreen/README.md

To set it up:

1. Go to the [Sqreen Dashboard > Organization settings > Integrations][3].

> 2. Connect a new Datadog accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Connect a new Datadog account.
```

> 3. Choose the corresponding intake server URL. For Datadog US: `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`. For Datadog EU: `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose the corresponding intake server URL. For Datadog US, use `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`. For Datadog EU, use `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu`.
```

> 4. In the "API Key" field, provide a [Datadog API key][4] used to stream the Sqreen data as logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **API Key** field, provide a [Datadog API key][4] which streams the Sqreen data as logs.
```

> ## Payload reference documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Payload reference
```
